March 21, 2024 Meeting 
####################################

:date: 2024-03-15 18:30
:tags: meeting
:category: meetings
:slug: baypiggies-03-32-2024-Testing-Data-SRE
:summary:  Testing, Data, SRE
:alias: /

Bay Area Python Interest Group (BayPIGgies) In-Person Meetings!
===============================================================
This month will be an in-person meeting! We will be meeting at `San Jose Cambrian Library  <https://www.sjpl.org/locations/cambrian/>`_ in San Jose. 

Food will will be provided. Please feel free to bring your own food and beverage.


RSVP on Meetup
--------------

Registration link: https://www.meetup.com/baypiggies/events/299305900/


Location
--------
San Jose Cambrian Library
`1780 Hillsdale Ave San Jose, CA 95124 <https://maps.app.goo.gl/eCpSTfnBS5ccMkr76>`__.


Schedule:
---------
* 6:30-6:45pm Socialize and grab food.
* 6:45-6:55pm Welcome and Announcements
* 6:55-7:05pm Lightning Talk: The Fun World of SRE
* 7:05-7:20pm Lightning Talk: Better Together: Unleashing the Synergy of Pandas, Polars, and Apache Arrow
* 7:20-       Main Talk: Mock It Till You Make It: How to Verify Your External Mocks Without Ever Leaving Unittest       


Lightning talk
==============

"The Fun World of SRE" presented by Sangeetha Sridharan
-------------------------------------------------------

**Speaker Bio: Sangeetha Sridharan**

Sangeetha Sridharan is a Senior Site Reliability Engineer at Palo Alto Networks.


"Better Together: Unleashing the Synergy of Pandas, Polars, and Apache Arrow" by Chris Brousseau
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

**Speaker Bio: Chris Brousseau**

Chris Brousseau is Founder of Surface Owl (https://surfaceowl.com/) and a data science consultant focused on data 
engineering and NLP and visualizations. A native Vermonter, Chris is an avid skier, and 
has lived in the Bay Area for over 25 years


Main talk
=========

"Mock It Till You Make It: How to Verify Your External Mocks Without Ever Leaving Unittest" presented by Liz Acosta
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

A controlled environment and consistent dependencies are crucial to writing good and - most importantly - relevant 
tests in Python. While the advent of APIs has made using external services so much more accessible, APIs can lead 
to flaky or deceptive tests, ultimately putting applications at risk. In this talk, you will learn how to use Python's 
Mock object to create more reliable stand-ins for APIs beyond your control … all within the unittest framework.

**Speaker Bio: Liz Acosta**

Liz Acosta is a lover of plants, pugs, pizza, and Python. Liz's diverse professional experience and unconventional
path to tech mean she brings a unique perspective to engineering. She is an advocate who seeks to empower developers
from all aspects of life and learning.

Code of Conduct
---------------
https://baypiggies.net/pages/code_of_conduct.html

Please be Open, Considerate and Respectful. Also, please refrain from discussing topics unrelated to the Python 
community or the technical content of the meeting.
