April 28, 2022 Meeting
####################################

:date: 2022-04-28 19:00
:tags: meeting
:category: meetings
:slug: scaling-pandas-and-testing
:summary: Scaling Pandas and Testing
:alias: /

Scaling Pandas and Testing
=====================================
This month, we'll have a lightning talk about testing by Glen Jarvis and a full talk about `Modin <https://github.com/modin-project/modin>`_
by its creator, Devin Petersohn. Come join us!

Lightning Talk: 'Mock()'ing an old dog to 'return_value' new tricks
-------------------------------------------------------------------
**Speaker Bio: Glen Jarvis**

Glen Jarvis has been a Web Developer, Informix DBA and DevOps engineer and manger for over 15 years. He has worked in companies such as IBM, Pandora and SiriusXM as well as helping to build several startups in the Bay Area that are still running today.

Main Talk:  Scaling Up Your Pandas Workflows With Modin
-------------------------------------------------------
Pandas is one of the most commonly used data science libraries in Python, with a convenient set of APIs to help data scientists prepare, analyze, and explore their data. However, despite its widespread adoption, pandas suffers from severe memory and performance issues on moderately large datasets. We present Modin (https://github.com/modin-project/modin), a fast, scalable drop-in replacement for pandas. By changing just a single line of code, Modin seamlessly speeds up pandas workflow on a laptop or in a cluster. Modin has over 6.6k GitHub stars, 2.8 million downloads, and is deployed at many data-centric organizations to accelerate dataframe workflows.


**Speaker Bio: Devin Petersohn**

Devin is the lead developer of Modin and the co-founder and CTO of Ponder. Devin recently completed his Ph.D. from UC Berkeley RISE Lab, where he did research on distributed systems for data science. As a part of this work, he created Modin, a system for enabling scalable interactive data science.

Code of Conduct
---------------
https://baypiggies.net/pages/code_of_conduct.html

Interactions online have less nuance than in-person interactions. Please be Open, Considerate and Respectful. 
Also, please refrain from discussing topics unrelated to the Python community or the technical content of the meeting.

RSVP
----
We will conduct the meeting via Zoom. Please register in advance. To do so, go to the Meetup page for this event:
https://www.meetup.com/BAyPIGgies/events/284835486/. If you RSVP "Yes" to this event on MeetUp, the link to the Zoom meeting
will be displayed.

Call for Talks
--------------
We are looking for speakers for 2022. Due to the COVID-19 situation, our meetings are currently online-only. We assume this will be the case for the at least the first quarter, but will reevaluate the situation each month.

We are looking for technical talks of interest to Python developers, either about the language and core libraries itself, popular libraries/platforms using Python (for example, Pandas andTensorFlow in Data Science, Flask and Django in web applications, Ansible in DevOPs), or other experiences using Python. See the list of past meetings at https://baypiggies.net/category/meetings.html to get a sense of topics. As our participants are using their personal time for these meetings, we request that talks are inclusive and not overly commercial, political, etc.

Talks can range in length from 5 minutes to 45 minutes (see below). Most of our online meetings last about 90 minutes and include a short talk and a longer talk, but this can vary from month to month.

You can apply for an online talk `here <https://forms.gle/4qhh65FxRbL6uPxTA>`__.

This is a great opportunity to evangelize a project you love or to get practice with public speaking. We hope to hear
from you!


