Thursday, September 22nd, 2016 Meeting
######################################

:date: 2016-09-22 10:20
:modified: 2016-09-22 10:20
:tags: meeting, GuidovanRossum
:category: meetings
:slug: meeting-2016-09-22
:authors: Guido van Rossum
:summary: Guido van Rossum - Python Language
:save_as: index.html


Register via Meetup.com here:

.. raw:: html

  <a href="https://www.meetup.com/BAyPIGgies/events/228209068/" data-event="228209068" class="mu-rsvp-btn">RSVP</a>

Topic: 
  Python Language

Speaker: 
  Guido van Rossum

Abstract:
  Guido van Rossum is the author of the Python programming language. He continues to serve as the "Benevolent Dictator For Life" (BDFL), meaning that he continues to oversee the Python development process, making decisions where necessary. He is currently employed by Dropbox.


Speaker Bio
  Guido van Rossum is the author of the Python programming language. He continues to serve as the "Benevolent Dictator For Life" (BDFL), meaning that he continues to oversee the Python development process, making decisions where necessary. He is currently employed by Dropbox.


BayPiggies has a group on meetup.com: http://www.meetup.com/BAyPIGgies/.

Meeting Schedule:
  * 7:00 pm Networking (note we are starting 30 minutes earlier than the April meeting)
  * 7:15 pm Announcements and presentation
  * 8:45 pm Random access
  * 9:00 pm Event ends


Location:                 
  LinkedIn
  2025 Stierlin Ct., Mountain View, CA (map). This is Building 3. The entrance is on the side facing Building 2.



Meeting Room:
  Unite (On the second floor)


Special note to presenters using a Mac:
  If you will be giving a presentation using a Mac, please bring your own Mac to VGA adapter. LinkedIn does not provide these and this is the one accessory which Mac users sometimes forget to bring.



.. raw:: html

  <script>!function(d,s,id){var js,fjs=d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0];if(!d.getElementById(id)){js=d.createElement(s); js.id=id;js.async=true;js.src="https://a248.e.akamai.net/secure.meetupstatic.com/s/script/2012676015776998360572/api/mu.btns.js?id=km6g8p73etdt58eo9gj00n0q1f";fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js,fjs);}}(document,"script","mu-bootjs");</script>






