Thursday, October 29th, 2020 Meeting
######################################

:date: 2020-10-29 19:00
:modified: 2020-10-18 12:25
:tags: meeting
:category: meetings
:slug: meeting-2020-10-29
:summary: Monkey Test, MonkeyType by Moshe Zadka

October Online Meeting: Monkey Test, MonkeyType
===============================================
This month, we will have the famous Moshe Zadka talk about how to get your types for free! We'll also be having
a brilliant lightning talk about Cookiecutter by Richard Katz.

Note that we are having the meeting a **week later than usual** (5th Thursday instead of 4th) due to the (potential) presidential debate.

Lightning Talk: Cookiecutter
----------------------------
Description
~~~~~~~~~~~~
`Cookiecutter <https://github.com/cookiecutter/cookiecutter>`_ is a flexible tool that can be used for project generation and customization.
It is somewhat similar to (in the Java world) Spring Boot. There are a couple caveats to using it. First, unlike Spring Boot there is no automatic framework and it doesn't do the kind of customization that pip requirements.txt already does.

What does it do? Instead, however, it can create custom apps and custom Git repository resident apps that use customized data such as - the name of applications and files, ports, custom endpoints, actually just about anything that someone needs to customize.

It uses a very simple json file to create pairs of substitute names and values. These names can be used to represent a directory, or a file or text within a file. Or a port. Or even part of a directory or file name which gives it a lot of customization power.

Speaker bio: Richard Katz
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
I am an engineering and business programmer, a software and data engineer with Spark, Pandas, Flask and Django. I have used more languages than I can list here. My best friend, a LISP programmer who helped develop SQL, told me it would be good for me to learn Python. I immediately loved Guido's tutorials and Raymond Hettinger's example called: "Eight Queens, Six Lines." I am a big advocate of Jupyter, I like thinking about Princeton in the 1940s. I do a lot of reading about Python books and I'm writing one.

Main Talk: Monkey Test, MonkeyType
----------------------------------
Description
~~~~~~~~~~~
How to add types to your code automatically by running your tests under `MonkeyType <https://github.com/instagram/MonkeyType>`_.

Speaker bio: Moshe Zadka
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Moshe has been using Python since 1998. He has contributed to CPython, and is a founding member of the Twisted project. He has been teaching Python in various venues since 2002.

Code of Conduct
---------------
https://baypiggies.net/pages/code_of_conduct.html

Interactions online have less nuance than in-person interactions. Please be Open, Considerate and Respectful. 
Also, please refrain from discussing topics unrelated to the Python community or the technical content of the meeting.

RSVP
----
We will conduct the meeting via Zoom webinar. Please register in advance. To do so, go to the Meetup page for this event: https://www.meetup.com/BAyPIGgies/events/273964267. If you RSVP "Yes" to this event on MeetUp, we will send you an email with the link. We will also send the link to the baypiggies@python.org mailing list (sign-up here: https://mail.python.org/mailman/listinfo/baypiggies).

Please note that:

* You are expected to follow our code of conduct.

* The meeting will be recorded and uploaded to our YouTube Channel at a later date.

Speak at BayPiggies
-------------------
We'd love to have more people sign up to speak at BayPiggies - just fill out this short application: https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSfp_tgQU3WmxoxSQvg5se8AIUswZr6wWkG45o6FrXrnTjLNRA/viewform?usp=sf_link

