Thursday, November 21th, 2019 Meeting
#####################################

:date: 2019-11-21 19:00
:modified: 2019-10-25 15:13
:tags: meeting
:category: meetings
:slug: meeting-2019-11-21
:summary: November Meeting: Effective Data Visualization with Python
:save_as: index.html


November Meeting: Effective Data Visualization with Python
==============================================================

RSVP via meetup.com here:

.. raw:: html

  <a href="https://www.meetup.com/BAyPIGgies/events/264931806/" data-event="260872440" class="mu-rsvp-btn">RSVP</a>


Location
--------
TBD


Meeting Details
---------------

Meeting Schedule:

* 7:00 pm Food and Announcements
* 7:10 pm Talks start
* 8:30 pm Networking
* 9:00 pm Event ends


Effective Data Visualization with Python
----------------------------------------

Effective data visualization is critical to communicating results and
convincing people to take action.  As developers we are always looking to save
time and write more clear code. All projects use static graphs, and we see
growing interest in interactive visualizations that help us find insights.  In
this talk, we'll learn about what makes visualizations effective, shed some
light on the powerful but complex Matplotlib library.  Finally, we'll look at
Bokeh - a more modern library, and create static, interactive and streaming
visualizations.

Github:  https://github.com/surfaceowl-ai/python_visualizations

**Speaker Bio**

Chris Brousseau is a Data Scientist and Founder of Surface Owl, a SaaS-based
visual decision engine built on Python.  He is also an active member of
BayPiggies and several other local Python communities.  Before Surface Owl,
Chris spent over 18 years at Accenture where he did business and systems
consulting for global  clients.  On a personal note, Chris is a native
Vermonter, an avid skier, and loves visualizations.


.. raw:: html

  <script>!function(d,s,id){var js,fjs=d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0];if(!d.getElementById(id)){js=d.createElement(s); js.id=id;js.async=true;js.src="https://a248.e.akamai.net/secure.meetupstatic.com/s/script/2012676015776998360572/api/mu.btns.js?id=67qg1nm9sqh9jnrrcg2c20t2hm";fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js,fjs);}}(document,"script","mu-bootjs");</script>
