Thursday, October 26th, 2017 Meeting
######################################

:date: 2017-10-26 19:00
:modified: 2017-10-17 11:00
:tags: meeting, special-events
:category: meetings
:slug: meeting-2017-10-26
:summary: BayPiggies Diversity Night

BayPiggies Diversity Night
==========================


Abstract
--------
Python, an easy-to-learn programming language that is also used for many
sophisticated applications, is a great starting point for bringing people into
tech careers. This gives us the opportunity to reach out to underrepresented
groups and build a vibrant community.


For our October meeting, we will have a number of short talks to celebrate the
diversity of the Python community. These will range from narratives of personal
experiences, to career advice, to technical topics. We have an exciting list of
speakers. We hope you will join us!


Speakers
--------
* **Betsy Waliszewski** `Python Software Foundation's commitment to diversity, equity, and inclusion in PSF events and those that they fund <https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/12bkLedrDz4xnTvGlxs_A0h5SIz8cE2SWwAesJ6e7g1g/edit#slide=id.p>`__
* **Karen Dalton** - Strategies for Making People Feel Welcome in Tech
* **Paula Alves** - `How to contribute to open source software as a Python beginner, and why you should do it <https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1Cn8c-GWqU5piHDnU93f6eu67v7SK-u8LPJ2UPx2Fj_0/edit#slide=id.gcb9a0b074_1_0>`__
* **Marilenis Olivera Lee** - `Victories and struggles of an Expat/Latina/Mom in Tech <https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1A8qdCoTZbdHRuw0z4a2JHyuNeJzI7pmVVoqyCkBq-kQ/edit#slide=id.gcb9a0b074_1_0>`__
* **Ronald Lopez** - Using Pandas to better serve San Jose-Evergreen Community College District's diverse constituents.
* **María García Herrero** - Is there life after a high-tech hiatus? Stories from a "rehabilitated" engineer
* **Sandhya Devarajan** - `Data Scraping in Python using the BeautifulSoup Module <https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1s4qe4wZZ2Y0ZjjStCqcIcQMSGKcyGc9KYGxGglustL8/edit?usp=sharing>`__
* **Linda Zhou** - `Opportunities in business roles for women with a tech background <https://drive.google.com/file/d/1_BF0VphUz42feasme9sgp7AWi3bwcTN1/view?usp=sharing>`__


Location
--------
We will be in a different building from last month, just down the street:

    LinkedIn, Yosemite Room
    `605 W. Maude Ave, Sunnyvale <https://goo.gl/maps/WGCLLY1LHRt>`__.


Meeting Details
---------------
Meeting Schedule:

* 7:00 pm Food and Announcements
* 7:05 pm Talks start
* 9:00 pm Event ends


.. raw:: html

  <script>!function(d,s,id){var js,fjs=d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0];if(!d.getElementById(id)){js=d.createElement(s); js.id=id;js.async=true;js.src="https://a248.e.akamai.net/secure.meetupstatic.com/s/script/2012676015776998360572/api/mu.btns.js?id=67qg1nm9sqh9jnrrcg2c20t2hm";fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js,fjs);}}(document,"script","mu-bootjs");</script>

