May 26, 2022 Meeting
####################################

:date: 2022-05-26 19:00
:tags: meeting
:category: meetings
:slug: building-infrastructure-with-python-tools
:summary: Building Infrastructure with Python Tools
:alias: /

Building Infrastructure with Python Tools
=========================================
This month, we'll have a lightning talk from Jai Purandare about Django Rest Framework and a full talk from Glen Jarvis about Infrastructure as Code. Come join us!

Lightning Talk: Django Rest Framework for Beginners
---------------------------------------------------
DRF is library on top of Django. Basic components of DRF. Build a simple REST API with DRF. https://www.django-rest-framework.org/

**Speaker Bio: Jai Purandare**

I am Application Developer with 6 years experience. Currently, I am volunteering for WomenWhoCode-SV to build web-app for the chapter. We are using Python + Django + DRF + Postgresql to build APIs.

Main Talk: Building Infrastructure with Python Based Tools
----------------------------------------------------------
The Infrastructure as Code (IaC) landscape changes regularly (As does Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS), etc.). With such a rapidly changing landscape, where do we focus our time to be effective without always chasing the "shiny"?

It's easy go glom onto a new tool and think it is the "silver bullet" that will solve all of our problems with building infrastructure from scratch. But, like many difficult problems we need to go deeper to understand the best tools for the situation.

Glen will start with a customer problem that he encountered; show how the "Silver Bullet" (this time Pulumi) didn't work and why. And, then, we will look at how to best solve Infrastructure As Code (IaC) with Python code bases. We will need to dig into problems such as: Should IaC be Declarative or Imperative, and Why? Should we avoid Vendor Lock-in? etc.

As we follow this journey, we will discuss:

* What is programmable infrastructure (e.g., Amazon Web Service EC2)
* What infrastructure choices are there (e.g., Containers vs VMs)
* What are the different ways to represent this as Code (e.g., boto Library)
* Are there declarative ways to specify infrastructure (e.g., YAML)
* Should the entire model be turned on its ear (e.g., Containers and pip tools)

The goal is to arrive at a re-usable pattern that can be used in many situations and projects.

**Speaker Bio: Glen Jarvis**
Glen has been a DevOps / SRE / Infrastructure engineer for over 8 years and held titles such as DevOps Manager.

He has worked in companies such as IBM, Pandora and SiriusXM as well as helping to build several startups in the Bay Area that are still running today.


Code of Conduct
---------------
https://baypiggies.net/pages/code_of_conduct.html

Interactions online have less nuance than in-person interactions. Please be Open, Considerate and Respectful. 
Also, please refrain from discussing topics unrelated to the Python community or the technical content of the meeting.

RSVP
----
We will conduct the meeting via Zoom. Please register in advance. To do so, go to the Meetup page for this event:
https://www.meetup.com/BAyPIGgies/events/284835522. If you RSVP "Yes" to this event on MeetUp, the link to the Zoom meeting
will be displayed.

Call for Talks
--------------
We are looking for speakers for the second half of 2022. Due to the COVID-19 situation, our meetings are currently online-only. We assume this will be the case for the at least the first quarter, but will reevaluate the situation each month.

We are looking for technical talks of interest to Python developers, either about the language and core libraries itself, popular libraries/platforms using Python (for example, Pandas andTensorFlow in Data Science, Flask and Django in web applications, Ansible in DevOPs), or other experiences using Python. See the list of past meetings at https://baypiggies.net/category/meetings.html to get a sense of topics. As our participants are using their personal time for these meetings, we request that talks are inclusive and not overly commercial, political, etc.

Talks can range in length from 5 minutes to 45 minutes (see below). Most of our online meetings last about 90 minutes and include a short talk and a longer talk, but this can vary from month to month.

You can apply for an online talk `here <https://forms.gle/4qhh65FxRbL6uPxTA>`__.

This is a great opportunity to evangelize a project you love or to get practice with public speaking. We hope to hear
from you!


