Thursday, April 26th, 2018 Meeting
######################################

:date: 2018-04-26 19:00
:modified: 2018-04-05 15:00
:tags: meeting, special-guest
:category: meetings
:slug: meeting-2018-04-26
:summary: Special Guest: Brian Granger
:save_as: index.html
:url:

Special Guest: Brian Granger
============================

Register via Meetup.com here:

.. raw:: html

  <a href="https://www.meetup.com/BAyPIGgies/events/247080193/" data-event="247080193" class="mu-rsvp-btn">RSVP</a>


Topic
-----

This month, we have a special guest, Brian Granger.

Project Jupyter for User-Centered Data Science
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
**Abstract**
Project Jupyter is an open-source project that exists to develop
software, open standards, and services for interactive and
reproducible computing. The main application developed by the project
is the Jupyter Notebook, a web-application that allows users to create
documents that combine live code with narrative text, mathematical
equations, and visualizations. Since its creation in 2011, the Jupyter
Notebook has become a widely-used, open standard for developing,
sharing, communicating, and reproducing computational work in
scientific computing and data science.

In this talk I will discuss how Jupyter emerged out of Python’s
scientific computing community and describe the main ideas upon which
Jupyter is founded, along with their motivation and concrete examples
of how they work out in practice. These examples will be drawn from
the broader usage of Jupyter, as well ongoing work on JupyterLab,
JupyterHub, Altair and Binder.

**Speaker Bio**
Brian Granger is a Physics Professor at Cal Poly San Luis Obispo. He is the co-creator of Project Jupyter, the widely used open-source interactive notebook application, and Altair, a statistical visualization library for Python. He is an advocate for open-science, open-data and open-source software.

Location
--------
LinkedIn, Unify Meeting Room
`950 W. Maude Ave, Sunnyvale <https://goo.gl/maps/AeHyy41TCqj>`__.


Meeting Details
---------------
Meeting Schedule:

* 7:00 pm Food and Announcements
* 7:15 pm Talk starts
* 8:30 pm Networking
* 9:00 pm Event ends


.. raw:: html

  <script>!function(d,s,id){var js,fjs=d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0];if(!d.getElementById(id)){js=d.createElement(s); js.id=id;js.async=true;js.src="https://a248.e.akamai.net/secure.meetupstatic.com/s/script/2012676015776998360572/api/mu.btns.js?id=67qg1nm9sqh9jnrrcg2c20t2hm";fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js,fjs);}}(document,"script","mu-bootjs");</script>
