Thursday, October 28th 2021 Meeting
###################################

:date: 2021-10-28 19:00
:modified: 2021-10-15 18:00
:tags: meeting, video
:category: meetings
:slug: meeting-2021-10-28
:summary: Practical ML and a Lightning Talk

Data Science Night: Practical ML and Data Science Interviews
============================================================
For our October online meeting, we'll have a talk from Tyler Suard on Machine Learning in business and a lightning talk from Linda Zhou on data science interviews.

Video of Presentations
  From YouTube

.. raw:: html

  <iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/ajMb_F4TMeM" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>

Lightning Talk: Data Science Interviews from a Hiring Manager's Perspective
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
What is the difference between a Data Scientist, a Data Engineer, a Data Analyst, and an ML Engineer? Which should I apply for? What can I do to prepare for my interview?

**Speaker Bio: Linda Zhou**

Linda is a Director of Data Science Engineering at Cisco in the AppDynamics product line. She has worked in various roles in engineering, product management, alliances, and solutions marketing. She received an MBA from Carnegie Mellon University and a BS in Computer Science and Engineering from Jinan University.

Practical ML: How Business Are Using AI
------------------------------------------------------
AI is super cool... but is it practical? This talk explores the many ways that AI is being used in businesses, so you can make money building it.

**Speaker Bio: Tyler Suard**

Tyler Suard is a Python software developer in the field of Machine Learning and AI. He loves spaceships, giant robots, and his cat Ridley.

Code of Conduct
---------------
https://baypiggies.net/pages/code_of_conduct.html

Interactions online have less nuance than in-person interactions. Please be Open, Considerate and Respectful. 
Also, please refrain from discussing topics unrelated to the Python community or the technical content of the meeting.

RSVP
----
We will conduct the meeting via Zoom. Please register in advance. To do so, go to the Meetup page for this event:
https://www.meetup.com/BAyPIGgies/events/281452793/. If you RSVP "Yes" to this event on MeetUp, the link to the Zoom meeting
will be displayed.

Please note that:

* You are expected to follow our code of conduct.

* The meeting will be recorded and uploaded to our YouTube Channel at a later date.

