Thursday, May 25th, 2017 Meeting
##################################

:date: 2017-05-25 19:00
:modified: 2017-04-23 16:00
:tags: meeting, data-science
:category: meetings
:slug: meeting-2017-05-25
:authors: Jacques Kvam
:summary: Data Science Night: The Bowtie Dashboard Framework
:save_as: index.html
:url: 

Data Science Night: The Bowtie Dashboard Framework
==================================================


Register via Meetup.com here:

.. raw:: html

  <a href="https://www.meetup.com/BAyPIGgies/events/236246606/" data-event="236246606" class="mu-rsvp-btn">RSVP</a>


Speaker:
  Jacques Kvam


Abstract
--------
Creating useful visualizations is an important skill for data scientists. They
allow us to gain new insights into our data. Dashboards are powerful tools for
creating complex and interactive visualizations. You can explore data in ways
static charts cannot. `Bowtie <https://github.com/jwkvam/bowtie>`_
is a Python library that makes it easy to create dashboards. This talk will
introduce Bowtie and focus on creating dashboards and interesting features. I
will also discuss deploying them, the tech stack, and future work and goals. 

Speaker Bio
-----------
Jacques Kvam is a Data Scientist at Verdigris Technologies, an energy analytics
startup. He worked at Sandia National Labs as a staff R&D engineer. He studied
signal processing and communications at UW-Madison. 


Meeting Details
---------------
Meeting Schedule:

* 7:00 pm Networking and food
* 7:15 pm Announcements and presentation
* 8:45 pm Random access
* 9:00 pm Event ends


Location:
  LinkedIn

  `605 W. Maude Ave, Sunnyvale, CA. 94085 <https://goo.gl/maps/m84ym2acVeJ2>`__

Meeting Room:
  Yosemite Room


.. raw:: html

  <script>!function(d,s,id){var js,fjs=d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0];if(!d.getElementById(id)){js=d.createElement(s); js.id=id;js.async=true;js.src="https://a248.e.akamai.net/secure.meetupstatic.com/s/script/2012676015776998360572/api/mu.btns.js?id=67qg1nm9sqh9jnrrcg2c20t2hm";fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js,fjs);}}(document,"script","mu-bootjs");</script>

