Thursday, November 16th, 2017 Meeting
######################################

:date: 2017-11-16 19:00
:modified: 2017-11-03 11:00
:tags: meeting, data-science
:category: meetings
:slug: meeting-2017-11-16
:summary: Data Science Night
:save_as: index.html
:url:

Data Science Night
==================


Register via Meetup.com here:

.. raw:: html

  <a href="https://www.meetup.com/BAyPIGgies/events/242072331/" data-event="242072331" class="mu-rsvp-btn">RSVP</a>

Due to the Thanksgiving holiday, we will have our November meeting a
week earlier than usual, on Thursday November 16.

This month, we will have two exciting talks on data science / engineering topics.

Talks
-----
Talk 1: Green circles for success: hands-off ETL using Airflow with unit tests
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Speaker:** Sam Zeitlin

**Abstract**

My team uses Airflow to run daily and hourly jobs that parse logs and transfer data into AWS Redshift for easier access.  
I’ll talk about why Airflow is better than cron jobs: it’s python, and keeps track of which tasks succeeded and which failed, so you don’t have to restart from scratch if anything goes wrong. 

I’ll also talk about what can go wrong with Airflow jobs, and how I came up with reusable templates for regression tests to support creating new jobs, and upgrading from an older version to a newer version. 

**Author Bio**

I’m a former research scientist, self-taught Pythonista, and my current job title is Product Hacker at Oath, Inc. My team does prototyping for our DevOps, Engineering, and Product teams. What that usually means is a mix of data engineering (we often build our own data pipelines), data science, and product management.  


Talk 2: Python Packaging for Machine Learning
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Speaker:** Steven Cutting

**Abstract**

Do you have machine learning models written in Python that you would like to share with other people (e.g. clients, co-workers, etc.)? This talk will show you how easy it can be to create our own pip installable packages and extend the reach of your projects.

In this talk we will learn how to make a simple machine learning solution, written in Python, pip installable. Thus any users of our model who know how to use pip will have a much easier time getting it and its dependencies installed. The example machine learning solution that we will use provides a Python API so that it can be used in other Python programs. It also provides scripts that will be made available to the user when the package is installed using pip. We will cover how to package not only the code but a fitted model as well. 

**Author Bio**

I have worked as a consultant for the past 3 years. In some projects, I created machine learning solutions that needed to be incorporated into production applications that either I or someone else had written. As a result I have developed experience packaging machine learning projects to make them easier to share and deploy. 

Location
--------
We will be in a different building from last month, just down the street:

    LinkedIn, Unify Meeting Room
    `950 W. Maude Ave, Sunnyvale <https://goo.gl/maps/AeHyy41TCqj>`__.


Meeting Details
---------------
Meeting Schedule:

* 7:00 pm Food and Announcements
* 7:15 pm Talks start
* 8:30 pm Networking
* 9:00 pm Event ends


.. raw:: html

  <script>!function(d,s,id){var js,fjs=d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0];if(!d.getElementById(id)){js=d.createElement(s); js.id=id;js.async=true;js.src="https://a248.e.akamai.net/secure.meetupstatic.com/s/script/2012676015776998360572/api/mu.btns.js?id=67qg1nm9sqh9jnrrcg2c20t2hm";fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js,fjs);}}(document,"script","mu-bootjs");</script>

