Thursday, December 19th, 2019 Meeting
#####################################

:date: 2019-12-19 19:00
:modified: 2019-09-25 09:58
:tags: meeting
:category: meetings
:slug: meeting-2019-12-19
:summary: December Meeting: Pigs, Pythons and Goats: The Animal Guide to TDD

December Meeting: Poodle, the Python extension for automated programming
========================================================================

RSVP via meetup.com here:

.. raw:: html

  <a href="https://www.meetup.com/BAyPIGgies/events/265152603/" data-event="260872440" class="mu-rsvp-btn">RSVP</a>


Location
--------
TBD


Meeting Details
---------------

Meeting Schedule:

* 7:00 pm Food and Announcements
* 7:10 pm Talks start
* 8:30 pm Networking
* 9:00 pm Event ends

Poodle, the Python extension for automated programming
------------------------------------------------------

Computer code generation has always been the Holy Grail of computer science and
every software developer has at least once wondered if computers will one day
be able to write programs themselves. Many believe that we are decades-away
from the time when programs may start to outsmart their creators, but today we
are arguing that the tipping point is near, and Poodle, the Python extension
for automated programming presented in this talk is already bringing
exponential productivity benefits to software development. After this talk you
will be able to create software with the complexity that you previously thought
impossible to build.


**Speaker Bio**

Vlad Goloshuk is the Founder at CriticalHop, the startup that uses “impossible
automation” to solve IT infrastructure challenges. Vlad is AI evangelist and
the author of Mastercard’s blockchain technology to process refunds. He is a
former Network Infrastructure consultant at UniCredit Bank, Bank of Ireland,
and Irish Government. Former Sr. Network Analyst at MasterCard.  

The recent Vlad’s initiatives included applying automated programming in Python
to optimize data-driven sales development processes with internally developed
open source tool, called Poodle https://github.com/criticalhop/poodle  

.. raw:: html

  <script>!function(d,s,id){var js,fjs=d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0];if(!d.getElementById(id)){js=d.createElement(s); js.id=id;js.async=true;js.src="https://a248.e.akamai.net/secure.meetupstatic.com/s/script/2012676015776998360572/api/mu.btns.js?id=67qg1nm9sqh9jnrrcg2c20t2hm";fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js,fjs);}}(document,"script","mu-bootjs");</script>
