Thursday, February 23rd, 2017 Meeting
#####################################

:date: 2017-02-23 19:00
:modified: 2017-02-23 11:00
:tags: meeting, data-science
:category: meetings
:slug: meeting-2017-02-23
:authors: Melanie Goetz
:summary: Production Data Science for Healthcare in Python

Production Data Science for Healthcare in Python
================================================


Register via Meetup.com here:

.. raw:: html

  <a href="https://www.meetup.com/BAyPIGgies/events/233553028/" data-event="233553028" class="mu-rsvp-btn">RSVP</a>


Speaker:
  Melanie Goetz


Abstract
--------
Productionizing data science often involves a team of scientists prototyping a statistical model in a language like R followed by a team of engineers translating and rebuilding that model into a “production" language. However, with Python, it’s easy to have your Data Science team and your Engineering teams working together collaboratively in the same language. But how does a modular production data science pipeline in Python look? This talk will cover how the data science pipeline at Clover automatically turns messy health data into insights and decisions.


Speaker Bio
-----------
Melanie Goetz is a Data Science Lead at Clover Health, a health insurance startup in San Francisco. She studied Linguistics and Math/CS at MIT and dropped out of a CS PhD at UPenn. Previously, she worked at Oracle on machine learning, at Klout on natural language processing, and at Twitter on big data ad munging.

Meeting Details
---------------
Meeting Schedule:

* 7:00 pm Networking
* 7:15 pm Announcements and presentation
* 8:45 pm Random access
* 9:00 pm Event ends


Location:
  LinkedIn

  `605 W. Maude Ave, Sunnyvale, CA. 94085 <https://goo.gl/maps/m84ym2acVeJ2>`__

Meeting Room:
  Yosemite Room


.. raw:: html

  <script>!function(d,s,id){var js,fjs=d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0];if(!d.getElementById(id)){js=d.createElement(s); js.id=id;js.async=true;js.src="https://a248.e.akamai.net/secure.meetupstatic.com/s/script/2012676015776998360572/api/mu.btns.js?id=67qg1nm9sqh9jnrrcg2c20t2hm";fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js,fjs);}}(document,"script","mu-bootjs");</script>

