Thursday, September 26th, 2019 Meeting
######################################

:date: 2019-09-26 19:00
:modified: 2019-09-16 11:42
:tags: meeting
:category: meetings
:slug: meeting-2019-09-26
:summary: September Meeting: Combining compiling technology with AI / Also GitPython and cProfile Packages

September Meeting: Combining compiling technology with AI / Also GitPython and cProfile Packages
================================================================================================

RSVP via meetup.com here:

.. raw:: html

  <a href="https://www.meetup.com/BAyPIGgies/events/264236536/" data-event="260872440" class="mu-rsvp-btn">RSVP</a>

Location
--------

LinkedIn Corporation, Unify Meeting Room
950 West Maude Ave
Sunnyale, CA


Meeting Details
---------------
Meeting Schedule:

* 7:00 pm Food and Announcements
* 7:15 pm Talks start
* 8:30 pm Networking
* 9:00 pm Event ends

Combining compiling technology with AI / Also GitPython and cProfile Packages
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

Everything in software development is a type of automation, from timecards
stamps to sorting clients’ last name. Compilers are the most powerful software
that have virtually revolutionized the reality of software advancement. These
automators liberate us from dealing with registers, thus allowing us to work on
a bigger scale. They provide room for higher-level languages, bug and dead-code
detection, and optimized implementations impossible by human capabilities.

Today, by combining compiling technology with AI, we are ready for the next
phase of technology. Compilers are presently capable of finding security
vulnerabilities, libraries, and new releases. No longer do all Pull Requests
need human supervision. These powerful automators are ready to create, verify
and approve Pull Requests as well as developing complex code without human
intervention on a massive scale.


**Speaker Bio**

Joseph Vedadi graduated with honors from UCLA with a Bachelor's in Computer
Science and Engineering. His focus at the time was on automation and artificial
intelligence design and development.  During his undergrad, he developed an
automated reminder service to remind students of their daily academic
obligations using "Email To Text" Technology, which was used by 13 other
students at the Computer Science Club.

He developed an automation framework to test the DAL (Data Access Layer)
technology at Qualcomm. They installed his framework on a farm (over 500
machines) to execute various tests including nightly, gating, fuzzing and
regression tests.

At Symantec, he managed "Jenkins CloudBees Enterprise" for multiple teams for
Continuous Integration (CI). He developed many plugins for Jenkins and other
internal frameworks to improve the scalability and reliability of tests. He
worked closely with developers and quality assurance engineers (QA), to provide
a solid pipeline for test automation.  Currently, Joseph is developing a test
automation framework at Apple.

.. raw:: html

  <script>!function(d,s,id){var js,fjs=d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0];if(!d.getElementById(id)){js=d.createElement(s); js.id=id;js.async=true;js.src="https://a248.e.akamai.net/secure.meetupstatic.com/s/script/2012676015776998360572/api/mu.btns.js?id=67qg1nm9sqh9jnrrcg2c20t2hm";fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js,fjs);}}(document,"script","mu-bootjs");</script>
