March 24, 2022 Meeting
####################################

:date: 2022-03-24 19:00
:tags: meeting
:category: meetings
:slug: pycon-practice
:summary: Pycon Practice Talk by Ryan Kuhl
:alias: /

PyCon Practice Talk: GraphQL -- The Devil's API
===============================================
This month, we'll have a talk from Ryan Kuhl, who will be speaking at PyCon next month.

We still have a slot for another PyCon practice talk or lightning talk -- if you are speaking at PyCon, we'd love to have you speak at BayPiggies. Reach out to us, if you are interested.


Main Talk: GraphQL -- The Devil's API
-------------------------------------
While there are advantages to using GraphQL vs. traditional REST APIs such as descriptive queries, there are also a plethora of potential pitfalls, such as the n+1 query problem and idiosyncratic fickleness. We leverage data-loaders, async/await, dynamic query generation, and other performance optimizations in GraphQL to create a flexible, performant interface for our front-end services. Let’s do GraphQL the right way!

**Speaker Bio: Ryan Kuhl**

Ryan is a senior backend engineer at Tatari and leader of the Miami-based science and technology meetup Homebrew Learning Club. Ryan has used GraphQL to build performant APIs to power a wide range of systems at many layers in the python application stack.

Code of Conduct
---------------
https://baypiggies.net/pages/code_of_conduct.html

Interactions online have less nuance than in-person interactions. Please be Open, Considerate and Respectful. 
Also, please refrain from discussing topics unrelated to the Python community or the technical content of the meeting.

RSVP
----
We will conduct the meeting via Zoom. Please register in advance. To do so, go to the Meetup page for this event:
https://www.meetup.com/BAyPIGgies/events/284380167/. If you RSVP "Yes" to this event on MeetUp, the link to the Zoom meeting
will be displayed.

Call for Talks
--------------
We are looking for speakers for 2022. Due to the COVID-19 situation, our meetings are currently online-only. We assume this will be the case for the at least the first quarter, but will reevaluate the situation each month.

We are looking for technical talks of interest to Python developers, either about the language and core libraries itself, popular libraries/platforms using Python (for example, Pandas andTensorFlow in Data Science, Flask and Django in web applications, Ansible in DevOPs), or other experiences using Python. See the list of past meetings at https://baypiggies.net/category/meetings.html to get a sense of topics. As our participants are using their personal time for these meetings, we request that talks are inclusive and not overly commercial, political, etc.

Talks can range in length from 5 minutes to 45 minutes (see below). Most of our online meetings last about 90 minutes and include a short talk and a longer talk, but this can vary from month to month.

You can apply for an online talk `here <https://forms.gle/4qhh65FxRbL6uPxTA>`__.

This is a great opportunity to evangelize a project you love or to get practice with public speaking. We hope to hear
from you!


