Thursday, September 27th, 2018 Meeting
######################################

:date: 2018-09-27 19:00
:modified: 2018-09-11 09:00
:tags: meeting, special-guest
:category: meetings
:slug: meeting-2018-09-27
:summary: Special Guest: Barry Warsaw
:save_as: index.html
:url:

Special Guest: Barry Warsaw
===========================
This month, we will have a special guest, Python pioneer and Core Developer Barry Warsaw.


Register via Meetup.com here:

.. raw:: html

  <a href="https://www.meetup.com/BAyPIGgies/events/253799893/" data-event="253799893" class="mu-rsvp-btn">RSVP</a>

Speaker Bio
-----------
Barry has been a core Python developer since the mid-1990s. He worked with Guido at CNRI and Pythonlabs, and lead the GNU Mailman project until 2017, through the transition to a REST-based architecture and port to Python 3. Once upon a time he lead the Jython project. He contributed large parts of the related 'email' standard library module. He has vigorously advocated for Python 3 adoption; he has helped with infrastructure; with the security list; and he has served as the Python release manager for several versions. Barry co-chaired the Python Language Summit at the last several US Python conferences. He was the recipient of the 2014 Frank Willison Memorial Award for his contributions to the Python community. Barry is a Debian and Ubuntu developer and currently works for our host LinkedIn on the Python Foundation team.

Location
--------
LinkedIn, Unify Meeting Room
`950 W. Maude Ave, Sunnyvale <https://goo.gl/maps/AeHyy41TCqj>`__.


Meeting Details
---------------
Meeting Schedule:

* 7:00 pm Food and Announcements
* 7:10 pm Talk starts
* 8:30 pm Networking
* 9:00 pm Event ends


.. raw:: html

  <script>!function(d,s,id){var js,fjs=d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0];if(!d.getElementById(id)){js=d.createElement(s); js.id=id;js.async=true;js.src="https://a248.e.akamai.net/secure.meetupstatic.com/s/script/2012676015776998360572/api/mu.btns.js?id=67qg1nm9sqh9jnrrcg2c20t2hm";fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js,fjs);}}(document,"script","mu-bootjs");</script>
