Thursday, January 24th, 2019 Meeting
######################################

:date: 2019-01-24 19:00
:modified: 2019-01-22 09:00
:tags: meeting
:category: meetings
:slug: meeting-2019-01-24
:summary: Two talks: Deployment and Architecture

Two Talks: Deployment and Architecture
======================================
Join us for the first BayPiggies meetup in 2019! We will have two talks this month:

1. **Omnibus as a Solution for Dependency Hell** by Aleksandr Kuzminsky
2. **Clean Architecture with Python** by Jair Vercosa

Register via meetup.com here:

.. raw:: html

  <a href="https://www.meetup.com/BAyPIGgies/events/257819623" data-event="257819623" class="mu-rsvp-btn">RSVP</a>

Location
--------
LinkedIn, Unify Meeting Room
`950 W. Maude Ave, Sunnyvale <https://goo.gl/maps/AeHyy41TCqj>`__.


Meeting Details
---------------
Meeting Schedule:

* 7:00 pm Food and Announcements
* 7:10 pm Talks start
* 8:30 pm Networking
* 9:00 pm Event ends

Talk Descriptions
=================
Omnibus as a Solution for Dependency Hell
-----------------------------------------
Packaging Python application has been always been a non-trivial problem. Omnibus creates a full stack installer that doesn't have dependencies. The owner decides what Python version the application runs, what modules and what version it uses. The package installs with a guarantee there are no conflicts and it cannot break existing environment. Check out how Omnibus makes it possible and how you can use it in your CI/CD workflows.

**Speaker bio:** Aleks is a MySQL and data recovery expert. He worked as a MySQL performance consultant in Percona, helped Dropbox manages thousands of database instances. Now he's been working for Box where he's developing infrastructure projects. In his free time he's working on open source projects at TwinDB.

Clean Architecture with Python
-------------------------------
On August 13, 2012 Robert C Martin released his article "Clean Architecture". Later on, it became a book with the same name and until today engineers diverge between loving and hating his concepts. This will show how to implement it with python using one of the most popular frameworks for python. Some concepts are simplified to help people to digest them better and enjoy the development process. It requires you to think a lot more about your application rather than just trust on frameworks and libraries that are out there.

**Speaker bio:** Jair is a hands-on startup leader that loves to build stuff. He dedicated his career to build B2B products developing and architecting enterprise level software for the last 10 years. Currently he works as Engineer Director at Carta and manages the Enterprise Infrastructure team where he has the responsibility to lead the efforts for Carta's platform.

Speak or Volunteer
===================
We are still accepting applications to be a speaker this year. Just fill out this application form: https://goo.gl/forms/jH5OE0MSVkPwOTPr2

We are also looking for volunteers to help us organize BayPiggies and maintain the website, etc. If you are interested, let us know here: https://goo.gl/forms/m4ldz7P8PQBlyPo42

.. raw:: html

  <script>!function(d,s,id){var js,fjs=d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0];if(!d.getElementById(id)){js=d.createElement(s); js.id=id;js.async=true;js.src="https://a248.e.akamai.net/secure.meetupstatic.com/s/script/2012676015776998360572/api/mu.btns.js?id=67qg1nm9sqh9jnrrcg2c20t2hm";fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js,fjs);}}(document,"script","mu-bootjs");</script>
