Thursday, January 23th, 2020 Meeting
####################################

:date: 2020-01-23 19:00
:modified: 2020-01-22 20:02
:tags: meeting
:category: meetings
:slug: meeting-2020-01-23
:summary: January Meeting: Hacking Passwords Using ML
:save_as: index.html

February Meeting: Pigs, Pythons and Goats: The Animal Guide to TDD
==================================================================

RSVP via meetup.com here:

.. raw:: html

  <a href="https://www.meetup.com/BAyPIGgies/events/265861449/" data-event="260872440" class="mu-rsvp-btn">RSVP</a>

Location
--------

LinkedIn, Unify Meeting Room
`950 W. Maude Ave, Sunnyvale <https://goo.gl/maps/AeHyy41TCqj>`__.


Meeting Details
---------------
Meeting Schedule:

* 7:00 pm Food and Announcements
* 7:15 pm Lightning Talks
* 7:30 pm Talks start
* 8:30 pm Networking
* 9:00 pm Event ends

White Hat: Hacking Passwords Using ML
-------------------------------------

Not too long ago, it was considered state of the art research making a computer
distinguish cats vs dogs. Now image classification is the 'Hello World' of
Machine Learning (ML) -- something one can implement in just a few lines of
code using TensorFlow. In fact, the field of ML has advanced so much in just a
few short years that today it is possible to build a potentially life saving,
or lethal, application with equal ease. Thus it has become necessary to discuss
both the use and abuse of the technology with the hope that we can find ways to
mitigate or safeguard against the abuse.

Is it possible to figure out what someone is typing, just by listening to the
keystrokes? As one can imagine, it has some serious security implications,
e.g., hacking passwords. So I worked on a Machine Learning project called
'kido' (= keystroke decode) to explore this idea and I will present my
findings.


**Speaker Bio**

Tikeswar Naik has a Mechanical Engineering degree (PhD in Aerospace), and
lately has been drawn towards Machine Learning and exploring its power. He
loves building products that can bring positive and lasting impact to people's
lives; and, he is working on some ideas towards that.

.. raw:: html

  <script>!function(d,s,id){var js,fjs=d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0];if(!d.getElementById(id)){js=d.createElement(s); js.id=id;js.async=true;js.src="https://a248.e.akamai.net/secure.meetupstatic.com/s/script/2012676015776998360572/api/mu.btns.js?id=67qg1nm9sqh9jnrrcg2c20t2hm";fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js,fjs);}}(document,"script","mu-bootjs");</script>
