Thursday, June 25th, 2020 Meeting
#################################

:date: 2020-06-25 19:00
:modified: 2020-05-29 12:25
:tags: meeting
:category: meetings
:slug: meeting-2020-06-25
:summary: Next Meeting: Postponed until July
:save_as: index.html


Next Meeting: Postponed until July
======================================

We are postponing our next meetup until July to build up a pipeline of new speakers. We'd love to have your talk. Just fill out this short application:

https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSfp_tgQU3WmxoxSQvg5se8AIUswZr6wWkG45o6FrXrnTjLNRA/viewform?usp=sf_link

Some more detail:

In the past, we were graciously hosted at LinkedIn in Sunnyvale. Due to the COVID-19 situation, our meetings are currently online-only. We assume this will be the case for the rest of the year, but will reevaluate the situation each month.

We are looking for technical talks with a Python focus, either about the language and core libraries itself, popular libraries/platforms using Python (for example Pandas, Flask, BeautifulSoup, etc.), or other experiences using Python. See the list of
`past meetings <https://baypiggies.net/category/meetings.html>`_ to get a sense of topics. As our participants are using their personal time for these meetings, we request that talks are inclusive and not overly commercial, political, etc.

Talks can range in length from 5 minutes to 90 minutes. This is a great opportunity for people without a lot of public speaking experience - you won't have to stand up in front of a lot of people!

In conclusion, whether you are new to public speaking or have given 5 PyCon keynotes, we'd love to hear from you. Come join us and participate in your local Python community!

Stay safe,

The BayPiggies organizers

