Thursday, August 26th 2021 Meeting
##################################

:date: 2021-08-26 19:00
:modified: 2021-07-21 10:00
:tags: meeting
:category: meetings
:slug: meeting-2021-08-26
:summary: Iterator lightning talk and Ray
:alias: /

August Online Meeting: Iterator Lightning Talk and Ray
======================================================
There will be no BayPiggies meeting for July. Have a great summer! We return for two exciting talks on August 26th:

* Lightning talk on Iterators from Amish Shah
* Full talk on Ray from Michael Galarnyk

Ray: A System for Parallel and Distributed Machine Learning
-----------------------------------------------------------
Distributed computing is becoming the norm, and this trend is driven largely by the computational requirements of machine learning applications. However, building distributed applications today requires tons of expertise. This talk introduces Ray and how it makes it easy to scale your python applications without rewriting them.

**Speaker Bio: Michael Galarnyk**

Michael Galarnyk works in Developer Relations at Anyscale, the company behind the Ray Project. In his spare time, he teaches Python based Machine Learning classes through Stanford Continuing Studies and LinkedIn Learning. You can find him on Twitter (https://twitter.com/GalarnykMichael), Medium (https://medium.com/@GalarnykMichael), and GitHub (https://github.com/mGalarnyk).

Code of Conduct
---------------
https://baypiggies.net/pages/code_of_conduct.html

Interactions online have less nuance than in-person interactions. Please be Open, Considerate and Respectful. 
Also, please refrain from discussing topics unrelated to the Python community or the technical content of the meeting.

RSVP
----
We will conduct the meeting via Zoom webinar. Please register in advance. To do so, go to the Meetup page for this event: https://www.meetup.com/BAyPIGgies/events/279051562/. If you RSVP "Yes" to this event on MeetUp, we will send you an email with the link. We will also send the link to the baypiggies@python.org mailing list (sign-up here: https://mail.python.org/mailman/listinfo/baypiggies).

Please note that:

* You are expected to follow our code of conduct.

* The meeting will be recorded and uploaded to our YouTube Channel at a later date.

Speak at BayPiggies in 2021!
----------------------------
We'd love to have you sign up to speak at BayPiggies - just fill out this short application: https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSfp_tgQU3WmxoxSQvg5se8AIUswZr6wWkG45o6FrXrnTjLNRA/viewform?usp=sf_link

We expect that the summer/fall 2021 meetings will be online. When it is safe to do so, we hope to return to in-person meetings.
