Thursday, July 25th, 2019 Meeting
##################################

:date: 2019-07-25 19:00
:modified: 2019-07-17 10:50
:tags: meeting
:category: meetings
:slug: meeting-2019-07-25
:summary: July Meeting: Dependencies, Mocking, and ML Applications

July Meeting: Designing an analytics database for scientific data using SQLAlchemy
===================================================================================

RSVP via meetup.com here:

.. raw:: html

  <a href="https://www.meetup.com/BAyPIGgies/events/262643941" data-event="260872440" class="mu-rsvp-btn">RSVP</a>

Location
--------
LinkedIn, Unify Meeting Room
`950 W. Maude Ave, Sunnyvale <https://goo.gl/maps/AeHyy41TCqj>`__.


Meeting Details
---------------
Meeting Schedule:

* 7:00 pm Food and Announcements
* 7:10 pm Talks start
* 8:30 pm Networking
* 9:00 pm Event ends

Designing an analytics database for scientific data using SQLAlchemy
------------------------------------------------------------------------
The data warehouse database, along with a data lake, makes up a key component
of modern analytics infrastructure. A common design pattern for such analytics
databases is the star schema that models the business measurement process as
measurements (facts) and the context for those measurements (dimensions). The
same schema can also be used to model scientific measurements. In particular,
the sqlalchemy ORM provides a useful framework for creating many of these
schema, particularly for a smaller biotech manufacturing company with lower
data volumes.


**Speaker Bio**

Aaron Wiegel is a data engineer at Synthego, a biotech manufacturing startup.
He obtained his PhD in physical chemistry from UC Berkeley where he first
learned Python to create simulations of collisions between atoms and molecules
using numpy and scipy. He now uses Python to create ETL pipelines and analytics
databases for an automated chemistry and biology laboratory. In addition to his
professional work, Aaron also volunteers teaching community college math,
statistics, and science courses to California state prison inmates. For fun, he
brews his own beer at home, where he performs much tastier experiments than the
lab.


.. raw:: html

  <script>!function(d,s,id){var js,fjs=d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0];if(!d.getElementById(id)){js=d.createElement(s); js.id=id;js.async=true;js.src="https://a248.e.akamai.net/secure.meetupstatic.com/s/script/2012676015776998360572/api/mu.btns.js?id=67qg1nm9sqh9jnrrcg2c20t2hm";fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js,fjs);}}(document,"script","mu-bootjs");</script>
