Thursday, May 28th, 2020 Meeting
##################################

:date: 2020-05-28 19:00
:modified: 2020-05-12 14:46
:tags: meeting
:category: meetings
:slug: meeting-2020-05-28
:summary: May Online Meeting: PyCon 2020 Watching Party


May Online Meeting: PyCon 2020 Watching Party
=============================================

PyCon is the largest annual gathering for the community using and developing
the open-source Python programming language. And, it's also a lot of fun!
However, because of the COVID-19 situation this year, we were not able to
attend in person.

Let's not let that stop us. We're going to make our own hallway track.

Many of the speakers at PyCon have recorded their talks and they have been
posted by the PyCon organizers online.

One of our organizers, Glen, used to have a Post-Pycon-Watching Party where we
would vote on our favorite videos, break out the projector, watch the winners,
discuss, and have fun.

We're doing an online version of that this year.


How do you participate?

1. Briefly review these talks:
   https://us.pycon.org/2020/online/#talks

2. Be ready to vote on your favorites when we post the voting board. (You can
   vote as many times as you like).

3. Be sure you know and follow our code of conduct:
   https://baypiggies.net/pages/code_of_conduct.html
   We need to be Open, Considerate and Respectful.
   Please keep conversation on Python and PyCon related topics.

4. RSVP 'Yes' Here:
   https://www.meetup.com/BAyPIGgies/events/270239115/

5. Register for the webinar at the link displayed on Meetup after you RSVP 'Yes'.

6. (optional) Pop some popcorn and bring your questions.

7. (conditional) If you were a PyCon speaker and would be willing to do Q&A live with us, please let us know.


Location
--------

Zoom Webinar. RSVP via meetup.com here:
https://www.meetup.com/BAyPIGgies/events/270239115/

Please register in advance for this webinar. If you RSVP "yes" to this event on
MeetUp, you will see the Webinar registration link. We will also send the link
to the baypiggies@python.org mailing list. After registering, you will receive
a personalized confirmation email containing information about joining the
webinar.

Please note that:

* You are expected to follow our `code of conduct <https://baypiggies.net/pages/code_of_conduct.html>`_.

* The meeting will be recorded and uploaded to our `YouTube Channel <https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCBJV1sd5XcVhijm13pWfBCg>`_ at a later date.


Meeting Details
---------------
Meeting Schedule:

**Schedule is dynamic based upon videos watched**


Voting Results
--------------

As a group, we voted on the talks that we wanted to watch first. Here are are
top 7 (but we only had time to watch the top 2):

1. `Beautiful Python Refactoring - Conor Hoekstra <https://us.pycon.org/2020/schedule/presentation/162/>`_

2. `Small Big Data: using NumPy and Pandas when your data doesn't fit in memory - Itamar Turner-Trauring <https://us.pycon.org/2020/schedule/presentation/97/>`_

3. `Why is Python slow? - Anthony Shaw <https://us.pycon.org/2020/schedule/presentation/141/>`_

4. `Static Typing in Python - Dustin Ingram <https://us.pycon.org/2020/schedule/presentation/96/>`_

5. `A 🐍's guide to Unicode - James Bennett <https://us.pycon.org/2020/schedule/presentation/153/>`_

6. `Docker and Python: making them play nicely and securely for Data Science and ML - Tania Allard <https://us.pycon.org/2020/schedule/presentation/175/>`_

7. `Let's talk Databases in Python: SQLAlchemy and Alembic - Hannah Stepanek <https://us.pycon.org/2020/schedule/presentation/100/>`_

