Thursday, August 27th, 2020 Meeting
###################################

:date: 2020-08-27 19:00
:modified: 2020-08-23 12:25
:tags: meeting
:category: meetings
:slug: meeting-2020-08-27
:summary: Online Meeting: Snakes and Queens!
:save_as: index.html

August Online Meeting: Snakes and Queens!
=========================================
This month, we'll have two talks:

* Kat Cosgrove - *Snakes on a Car: Or, Over-engineering a Toy*
* Aaron David Goldman - *Eight Queens in python and rust*

Snakes on a car: or Over-engineering a Toy
------------------------------------------
Like a lot of engineers, I like to tinker. I also like hardware hacking, video games, and over-engineering the hell out of something. When my team at work decided to build a proof of concept demonstrating the possibility of fast over-the-air updates for edge devices, we settled on using a car as the example of an edge device. It’s flashy, you know? This also presented me with an opportunity to do all of the things I love, and call it work: build a self-driving RC car, and then let people race it around a track using a repurposed USB racewheel, a handful of open source tools, and whole lotta Python. DevOps, but make it fun.

Speaker bio: Kat Cosgrove
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Kat Cosgrove is a chronic early-adopter of new technologies and a real-life cyborg. Her professional engineering background is in web development, IoT, and programming education, but today she's a Developer Advocate for JFrog. She loves finding creative solutions for hard problems, especially if they're a little hacky.

When she's not building demos or at a conference, she spends her time gaming, watching e-sports, and working on useless but entertaining side-projects. She also volunteers with area non-profits geared towards getting more women and other underrepresented minorities into tech.

Eight Queens in Python and Rust
-------------------------------
Porting a classic interview problem in two languages.

Speaker bio: Aaron David Goldman
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Information security engineer, with a history of making tools in python for monitoring network systems and applications.

Code of Conduct
---------------
https://baypiggies.net/pages/code_of_conduct.html

Interactions online have less nuance than in-person interactions. Please be Open, Considerate and Respectful. 
Also, please refrain from discussing topics unrelated to the Python community or the technical content of the meeting.

RSVP
----
We will conduct the meeting via Zoom webinar. Please register in advance. To do so, go to the Meetup page for this event: https://www.meetup.com/BAyPIGgies/events/272093059/. If you RSVP "Yes" to this event on MeetUp, we will send you an email with the link. We will also send the link to the baypiggies@python.org mailing list (sign-up here: https://mail.python.org/mailman/listinfo/baypiggies).

Please note that:

* You are expected to follow our code of conduct.

* The meeting will be recorded and uploaded to our YouTube Channel at a later date.

Speak at BayPiggies
-------------------
We'd love to have more people sign up to speak at BayPiggies - just fill out this short application: https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSfp_tgQU3WmxoxSQvg5se8AIUswZr6wWkG45o6FrXrnTjLNRA/viewform?usp=sf_link

