Thursday, June 24th 2021 Meeting
################################

:date: 2021-06-24 19:00
:modified: 2021-06-21 10:00
:tags: meeting
:category: meetings
:slug: meeting-2021-06-24
:summary: Fun with Generators
:alias: /

June Online Meeting: Fun with Generators
========================================
This month, we will have a lightning talk about Python performance tuning from Ryan Kuhl and a full talk about generators from Vinay Sawal, of Dell. Level up your Python programming!

Lightning Talk
--------------
"The Fast and the Furious: Tuning Python Code" by Ryan Kuhl

**Speaker Bio: Ryan Kuhl**

Ryan is a Sr. BE Engineer at Tatari and a Fast and Furious super-fan!

Fun with Generators
-------------------
Generators allow you to declare a function that behaves like an iterator. It uses lazy evaluation technique to iterate over an iterable thus saving memory. It’s very useful when you have to process a very large input set that may not fit into the memory.


**Speaker Bio: Vinay Sawal**

Vinay Sawal is a Distinguished Member of Technical Staff in Cloud Platform & Services Organization in Dell Technologies. In his current role, he’s working as a Software Architect for designing and validating Infrastructure-as-a-Service offerings under the Project APEX umbrella that includes Storage-as-a-Service, Compute-as-a-Service, Data Protection Service, etc. Vinay’s interest lies in developing machine-learning & deep-learning models for solving issues encountered during product development. Vinay has more than 25 granted patents in USA, Europe and Asia.



Code of Conduct
---------------
https://baypiggies.net/pages/code_of_conduct.html

Interactions online have less nuance than in-person interactions. Please be Open, Considerate and Respectful. 
Also, please refrain from discussing topics unrelated to the Python community or the technical content of the meeting.

RSVP
----
We will conduct the meeting via Zoom webinar. Please register in advance. To do so, go to the Meetup page for this event: https://www.meetup.com/BAyPIGgies/events/278833394/. If you RSVP "Yes" to this event on MeetUp, we will send you an email with the link. We will also send the link to the baypiggies@python.org mailing list (sign-up here: https://mail.python.org/mailman/listinfo/baypiggies).

Please note that:

* You are expected to follow our code of conduct.

* The meeting will be recorded and uploaded to our YouTube Channel at a later date.

Speak at BayPiggies in 2021!
----------------------------
We'd love to have you sign up to speak at BayPiggies - just fill out this short application: https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSfp_tgQU3WmxoxSQvg5se8AIUswZr6wWkG45o6FrXrnTjLNRA/viewform?usp=sf_link

We expect that the summer/fall 2021 meetings will be online. When it is safe to do so, we hope to return to in-person meetings.
