October 27, 2022 Meeting
####################################

:date: 2022-10-27 19:00
:tags: meeting
:category: meetings
:slug: python-group-theory-graph-databases
:summary: Python, Group Theory, and Graph Databases

Python, Group Theory, Graph Databases
====================================================
This month, we will have a lightning talk from Lisette del Pino on group theory and a full talk on graph databases and Python from Jason Koo. Please join us for these exciting talks!

Lightning Talk: Group Theory
----------------------------
Groups are a fundamentally important mathematical structure for both computer scientists and mathematicians. For example, the graph isomorphism problem is reducible to the group isomorphism problem, and group theoretic tools are essential in quantum computing.

This lightning talk will quickly get you up and running in the basics of group theory, motivated by important examples such as dihedral groups, additive/multiplicative groups of integers modulo n, and matrix groups. After this, current Python tools for group theory work, such as SAGE and the GAP wrapper for SAGE, will be introduced.

**Speaker Bio: Lisette del Pino**

Lisette works in data science and loves both math and computer science. She holds an undergraduate degree in Mathematics from the University of Pennsylvania and is currently pursuing a Masters of Science in Computer Science from Georgia Tech. In her spare time, she collaborates on research in computational group theory.


Main Talk: Evidence for Graph Databases
---------------------------------------
Join us as we traverse the use of crime walls in movies and TV shows - as a graph. Along the way we’ll discover why Graph Databases are becoming increasingly popular, what technologies are currently available, and how to get started with them.

**Speaker Bio: Jason Koo**

Video Editor turned Pythonista, Jason Koo is Neo4j’s resident Python Developer Advocate. He has gone from working behind-the-scenes in Hollywood to developing mobile apps for Silicon Valley companies. He now leverages his love of both worlds to advocate new developer technologies.

Code of Conduct
---------------
https://baypiggies.net/pages/code_of_conduct.html
Interactions online have less nuance than in-person interactions. Please be Open, Considerate and Respectful. Also, please refrain from discussing topics unrelated to the Python community or the technical content of the meeting.

RSVP
----
Due to recent issues in Zoom security, we will change the format slightly. We will conduct the meeting via Zoom webinar.
Please RSVP at MeetUp: https://www.meetup.com/baypiggies/events/289014736/. When you RSVP "Yes" to this event, a link that allows you to signup for the Zoom meeting will become visible in MeetUp. The email address you provide must match the email address of your Zoom account, or you will not be able to log in. Thanks for your understanding.
